we're just seeing past the con coverage
seeing how good the people were how much
fun they were having I figured man I
gotta try this yeah and being a geek
you're always into this kind of cool
stuff you know being anime or making
cool stuff so I'm gonna say I'm pretty
new to cosplay I'm gonna consider myself
a noob
I've always just been a huge fan of the
Assassin's Creed series just the story
behind the games it's amazing and the
character I'm trying to portray just
awesome I've been working on also here's
cosplay for around six months it's quite
a bit of work I would consider myself
somewhat of a perfectionist and although
I'm since I'm new to the world of
cosplay I'm not that great at making
props but I did find some amazing people
to help me the hidden blade to me is
probably the coolest weapon in the
assassins game and I really wanted to
put a lot of emphasis on it I found a
really good leather worker out of state
and he's the one who made both my belt
and the bracers the plates that we did
for the bracer were made with
we do program and printed with the 3d
printer and then painted to look like
lilo so I've had a lot of help from
amazing people this being my first
cosplay I've always had the mentality if
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it right
I'm still working on myself I hear
cosplay I'm gonna say it's at about 60%
but I'm planning on having it completed
by the next fan of VidCon this is the
first con that I'm fully dressing up to
I've been another one in the past but I
didn't dress up for it so this is going
to be my first coupon experience I'm not
really sure of what its gonna throw at
me but whatever it does I know I'll have
a blast doing
[Music]